Saturn Awakens: The Ten Sailor
Guardians Unite!
(Usagi)
(contented sigh) Spring is in
full bloom now...
(Mamo)
Yeah...
I love this time of the year. It
just feels so romantic.
Yeah...
I was thinking now that I'm in
high school, maybe...
we could do more "grown up
things," you know what I mean?
Yeah...
If... you'd be up to doing
them... that is...
Oh my gosh, I can't believe I
actually said it!
Yeah...
Moses supposes his toes'ses are
roses.
Yeah...
Better Botter bought some
butter; "But!" she said, "this
butter's bitter!"
Yeah...
(frustrated)
Usako?
Mamo! You weren't listening to
a word I said!
This is the first date we've had
in a while, and it's like you
don't even care!
(sharp pain)
Hey, what's wrong? You okay?
(Shaking off pain) Yeah...
Is.. your eye hurting? Here..
lemme see.
(grunt) Stop it!
(surprised)
(gasp) I'm.. sorry.
What's going on? Are you..
feeling sick?
Yeah, something like that..
I've been feeling really off
lately. How about.. ' we get
you another balloon?
It's okay. You should go home
and get some rest.
You're right. I'll go do that.
Sorry..
Don't be.
I'll call you.
(acknowledgment)
Mamo...
Isn't it great things are back
to normal now?
Yes. I've had much more time to
study!
Yeah, same here! I've started
learning a foreign language
so I can be ready once I travel
around the world.
That sounds like fun.
It really is. I've been
learning from this great program
called "Let's Speak".
Oh wow! Their lessons are pretty
advanced.
I watch that show too! ' The guy
who hosts it, George, is a real
cutie.
Right?! It's those gorgeous
eyes that do it for sure.
(giggly laughter)
...Are you really watching for
the lessons?
As for me, I've been taking '
singing and dancing lessons,
day in and day out! (giggle)
(concerned)
Hey...
What's wrong, Usagi?
Huh?
Did you get in a fight with
Mamoru?
Not exactly, it's hard to
explain..
You're safe here.
You can talk to us about
anything.
That's what best friends are
for, right?
Well the other day...
we went on a date at the park,
but...
Welcome home!
Hey, Hotaru.
Mommy-Michiru, Daddy-Haruka,
guess what?! I was studying with
Mommy-Setsuna today!
That's so great, sweetie.
And what was it that you were
studying together?
A sonnet. It starts with,
"Shall I compare thee to a
summer's day?
Thou art more lovely and more
temperate..."
Wow!
That's so wonderful!
(happy giggle)
(awed gasp) A butterfly! Wait!
She's adorable.
(warm chuckle)
Ever since that night... Hotaru
has been growing at a speed that
none of us could have imagined.
And she really doesn't seem to
be slowing down any time soon.
And It's not just her body
either...
Her mind is growing just as
rapidly;
She now understands the theory
of general relativity and can
recite the poetry of Yeats.
It's unbelieveable.
I was really hoping she could
live her life as an ordinary
child this time. Perhaps...
Wait a second... where is she?
Maybe she went back inside.
Let's make sure.
Hotaru?
You in here?
Where are you?
Did you find her?
No.
Where could she be?
One more place to look...
(relieved sigh)
(surprised gasp)
What is that?
The birth of the Universe: The
"Big Bang."
She's simulating its creation,
but at an accelerated rate.
When did she develop such an
ability?
We need to keep a closer eye on
her.
Yes.
This is our Solar System.
That white object is the moon,
isn't it? It's almost like a
shiny pearl.
It has such a warm light.
...The same light that has
always been watching over her.
This reminds me of Fessenden's
Worlds...
Fessenden's...?
It's a science fiction book I
read as a kid.
It talks about how we might be
nothing more than a momentary
blip..
in a universe that someone like
her has created.
Can't say I like the idea.
No? If we think of sadness and
pain as just illusions, aren't
they more bearable?
Hotaru!
Hey! Are you alright?
The Moon...
(soft surprised react)
The White Moon.. is being..
shrouded.. by a dark... shadow.
One with radiant, golden hair is
being pursued...
Pursued by a force that is..
(shiver) pure evil.
Hotaru... it's okay... you're
safe here with us!
Look!
The light of the Moon, it's...
It's fading away!
Hotaru, pull yourself
together! You're fine!
(shivering)(gasp of lucidness)
I'm scared...Daddy-Haruka... I'm
scared! (crying)
It's gonna be okay, Hotaru.
We're right here with you.
What is happening to our Solar
System?
I think you're overthinking
things, Usagi.
You sure?
There's nothing to be concerned
about.
But it really seemed like Mamo
was upset; like he didn't want
be around me.
I doubt that's it. I think he
just didn't wanna make you worry
about him too much.
Really?
Yes, I agree with Rei.
I think you're lucky to even
have these issues!
Yeah, it's not like the rest of
us even have boyfriends to begin
with.
I'm jealous!
(embarrassed laughter)
(amused laugh)
Hey! Look over there!
(soft notice)
So handsome...
What a dreamboat!
C'mon, Ami! Get in on the
action!
(sheepish laugh)
(Usagi)
I guess they're right... Maybe I
am worrying over nothing.
What the.. (annoyed grunt)
(wincing in pain)
Shut the hell up!
(shallow breathing)
(panting, starting with exhale)
(wincing)
Man, what's gotten into me?
You must be tired. You should
get some rest?
She's right. I really just
need to take it easy.
Mamo...
I've found you...
Huh?
Was it my imagination?
(startled)
Mamo...
She's sleeping safe and sound
now.
(sigh of relief)
But still, what exactly does all
of this mean?
(evil laughter)
(startled awake) Who's
there?!
(soft, evil laughter)
Stop it! Go away!
Awaken...
The time has come for the young
soul to fulfill her destiny.
Who are you?
I am Sailor Saturn. And I..
am your Guardian.
My Guardian?
Evil is fast approaching. I
call upon... your true powers!
Now.. close your eyes.
I...
I remember...
(astonished gasp)
(shocked gasp)
Hotaru?!
Is that you?!
The Princess.. ' is in danger.
(worried gasp)
What about the others?
Them too?
Yes. Darkness is
approaching.
So, what's this emergency
meeting about?
Yeah, what's up? Did something
happen, Rei?
It's about our sacred mirror..
Last night, I felt an evil
presence...
(grimace)
Rin, Pyo, To, Sha, Kai, Jin,
Retsu, Zai, Zen...
Evil Spirit, be exorcised!
A mirror...
Wait.. This morning I saw a
bunch of people just staring
into mirrors.
Yesterday, I swore that I saw
something outside of my window.
A weird shadow...
All of this might be connected.
You think there's someone behind
the scenes that's orchestrating
this?
(evil laughter)
(surprised)
Everyone! Let's transform!
Moon Crisis... Make Up!
Mercury Crystal Power... Make
Up!
Mars Crystal Power... Make Up!
Jupiter Crystal Power... Make
Up!
Venus Crystal Power... Make Up!
Sailor Mercury!
Sailor Mars!
Sailor Jupiter!
Sailor Venus!
Last but not least...
I.. am Sailor Moon!
And I.. am Sailor Chibi Moon!
In the name of the Moon...
...we'll punish you!
(freaking out) There are so
manyyyy!
Mars... Flame Sniper!
Mercury... Aqua Rhapsody!
(evil laughter)
Jupiter...Oak Evolution!
(panicked cries)
Venus... Love and Beauty '
Shock!
(frightened scream)
Mirrors?!
Look!
There's no end to them!
(concerned react)
(pained scream)
(gleeful cry)
Tuxedo Mask!
Anyone who would dare bring
about chaos to this world must
answer to me, Tuxedo Ma- (wince)
Tuxedo Mask! Are you alright?
Oh no!
(gasp)
Looks like you kittens could use
a little help.
(notice react)
Protected by Uranus, the Planet
of the Heavens, I am Sailor
Uranus, Guardian of Flight!
Protected by Neptune, the Planet
of the Deep Sea,
I am Sailor Neptune, Guardian of
Embracement!
Protected by Pluto, the Planet
of Space-Time, I am Sailor
Pluto, Guardian of Revolution!
Answering the call to a new
threat, the Three Guardians of
the Outer Planets...
...are here to fight for this
world!
(evil laughter)
Uranus!
Neptune!
Pluto!
Mind if we join the party?
It will be fun.
(chuckle)
We even brought a guest...
(disbelief gasp)
You're...!
Protected by Saturn, ' the
Planet of Silence,
I am the Guardian of Ruin and
Rebirth, Sailor Saturn!
It's Hotaru!
(happy)
Hello, Chibi-Usa.
(evil laughter)
World... Shaking!
(scream)
Thank you! But why are.. you
here?
Sailor Saturn had warned us that
you were all in great danger.
All of us are in...
...danger?
Sailor Moon, now is the time for
you to awaken as the True Moon
Princess.
(puzzled)
Sailor Guardians... we must
unite our hearts as one.
(affirming)
I can feel everyone's power
flowing through me.
The words I have to say are
echoing in my heart...
Moon Eternal... Make Up!
Sailor Moon...?
(awed)
(scream)
(weakened)
Sailor Moon!
You okay?
What just happened?
What you all just witnessed was
Sailor Moon's true form.
I was reborn in order to help
awaken this power inside her.
Her true form...
That power was incredible.
It purged all of those
creatures.
Was.. that really my true
form?
Hey, Mamo...
You sure you'll be fine by
yourself?
Yeah.. I just need some rest is
all.
Okay...
Goodnight.
(sigh)
Night, Mamo...
I feel strange... like my body
isn't even my own.
Precisely. You're mine now.
Know this, Princess of the White
Moon. I will take everything you
love away from you.
(nefarious laugh)
(Usagi)
Mamo's been acting so
distant towards me lately! Could
something have happened?
(Usagi)
I'm so worried, I can't
even sleep at night.
(Minako)
Well, you were sound
asleep in class.
(Usagi)
I've been having trouble
eating.
(Minako)
You had a whole cake earlier!
(Usagi)
I've been too distracted
to study!
(Minako)
And that's different,
becauuuuse...?
(Usagi)
Next time on Sailor
Stars, "The Cursed Mirror:
Mamoru Caught in a Nightmare."
(Usagi)
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.